• What is a gitignore file and what should it include for a Java project?

Gitignore file is a file containing list of files or directories which are intentionally untracked
so that git won't show changes to those files when you check for modified files and user won't 
push those files to remote repository

For java project it should include .class and if using IDE like eclipse then
.project, .tmp, .settings/, .classpath files should be included.


• What does fast-forward in Git mean?

In git, if new branch is ahead of commits compared to old branch then while merging git will simply
move pointer pointing to old branch forward to latest commit in new branch (there should be no
divergent branches). Since all changes from previous commit are already there in new branch there wont
be issue with merging. This is called fast-forward in Git.

• Why should you have different branches?

Having different branches allows developer to keep track of development and code management.
If developer is working on some feature and want to make sure changes made by him/her 
are not going to break other code workflow then it is always helpeful to create new 
branch and start making changes into that branch, once new code is tested later it can be
merged with main branch.

To keep track of software development, developer can always create new branch for new version
of software to be released, so that main branch will have working code of older version
and new branch will have all new features ready to be tested and deployed.


• In a project how many remote Git repositories do you usually have?

Usually for small project, there is only 1 remote Git repository needed, but you can add more remote
repositories for better software development management for larger projects.
For e.g. if team of front end developers are working on UI and integration of UI with backend RESTful services,
they dont need to have access to backend code. So every time they make changes, backend developers 
don't need to take pull for that code since they are working independantly from frontend 
developers. Another reason to have multiple remote repositories is you can restrict code access
for those who are not working on that part of project for security purposes.